hi people know about it with the veda
to vlog for you instead of one
video game winx
because that was in between so that
did not go anymore
so i thought well then i go from one
deadly some things flew
tell and update kind of
as first hear for the caravan still
I have videos once makes it in
my ago or so about the gathering that
he was there and you cards
to get
It is now true that there are all cards
were sold out so then scared to class
number to group
yes but cannot buy a ticket and bla
bla bla you still not natural
had some very sad needed
still very happy when finally
are to fifteen hundred new ones
tickets made available so you can
buy tickets again
so also the way of life media July
and have now bought a time you need
yet are quick because those cards
just go really fast
but do you still want to come I'd say go
as soon as possible now that they are more
from on
or are they up to him again so i would
say just go to a www.puppygroep.nl
baby goats no point and the abbreviation
and then you will find all the info
further so you can meet each other
they if you were there or in me
people other youtubers friends what then
would also say go there cozy
buy your tribe cards so I would
at least say because i just too
to see so many people of yours there
and also to inform you that I was Saturday
vote again some fell i look
my
follow me on twitter and you already know the
suffer from streaming his films with the
elder scrolls on the child which pile
you might which but therefore that is why
only on saturday i will go again with jill de
and then we go mine from 6 to 9
body again scrolls the needs online
yellow the atmosphere and you just want it anyway
show very nice task to ask some questions
set and do as you come
nice watching saturday
so make sure you have anything a little
nice to come and watch
it's about 60 9 so maybe you can
only an 8 hour but then just not
about on time away
and so I hope a lot of you there too
sense where stream
so so so we go a kim
twitch.tv slash soavidgames
so just a twitch and then just so
after the first rear type
so that is easy to find and different
would have followed but it sit because me
see it on Saturday so it is
handy to my large follows white for
that kind of thing and then you can go
click
so you can still do that and i can say that too
that I very much stay it here
all i have so it is a real house and
most threatened me really very happy
just don't finish it off very naturally
I just arrived yesterday for my god's comforter
who looked at it very well is what i am
am very happy with it
where a negative stuff at a lot
people I just don't understand that
traineeship ate if not serious is what
will be hard and i just said with your
friends
so nothing is common but very much
very nice versions very much more list
5000 girls like that and I'm used to
really happy with it so i can do it
light way thank you neither
and I think it's a bit over there
have given updates that I am coming now
invent in case
and so therefore not tell
hence today this vlog in places
video game now plus I think my
ninth it went wrong
ok we need this feature well i'm coming
walk one that you really have to agree
not so cute
when i see that book no function hey
hey hey hello
look how beautiful they are
yes , of course they also walked
may you have less recently
can see
but of course there are also some
is a quick look more will have its own clock
that he is still a little sharp I will go
just sit down
what easier namibia not you not
prefer less orange time but they will come
here you go
and see more things for yourself
only those are now hidden somewhere
who can show here
but the end of this vlog so plan
for watching and until next time
bye